---
layout: post
title: "interview time in sf"
---

To continue with random bursts my thoughts, here is a bit more of what is new and exciting with me -

In a few weeks, I'm off to spend almost a week in San Francisco, clocking in more JetBlue miles (to no avail - I won't be able to get the free round-trip ticket) to spend my spring break mingling with folks. A rough itinerary is thrown together, but it will get packed with fun lunches, dinners and drinks with people. I'm psyched to be staying at the <a href="http://www.hotelboheme.com/">Hotel Boheme</a>, right in the middle of North Beach. The prices were excellent and right around the corner was where I used to live, so a smidge of comfort of being around my old stomping grounds of last spring and summer will come back to me.

I do have a <a href="http://www.dopplr.com/">dopplr.com</a> account and I did tag that I'm going out west but I simply don't travel enough nor do I know many people around the country that would use such a service to maintain contacts who are a bit more "mobile". It's neat, but I'm stuck with the problem of hooking in others to actively use it. Maybe when I'm some wild business traveler it will come in handy.

I've also somehow managed to find myself being more open to mingling with anyone interesting I've come across. I don't know what it is, but its probably a combination of me seeing the light at the end of the tunnel and wanting to use up what time I have left here with those also looking towards the future and possibly finally being able to meet like-minded people. I guess it makes sense that it was bound to happen towards the end of my college career instead of at the beginning, because by now most (well, some) have at least a general idea of what is happening after graduation. RIT is definitely a career-minded school, and those that enroll here generally are on a track for entering the workforce. Still, meeting new people and spending time with old ones is excellent.

I can't wait to join a <a href="http://www.kickball.com/">Kickball</a> league in SF.